This project was bootstrapped with
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Weather Application

This is portable react js web application for weather forecastion and current weather condition based on a user location

### Technologies Used

- React Typescript
- Chakra UI
- React Query

## UI styling
Chakra UI is a simple, modular and accessible component library that gives you the building blocks you need to build your React applications.

I choose Chakra UI because It’s simply the best tool for me , I’ve tried using material UI in the past but it wasn’t as easy and flexible as chakra UI. ChakraUI gives me full control over styling of components , and my productivity has also increased ever since I started using chakra.

<a href="https://chakra-ui.com/">Learn more</a>

## Component State management 

Since this is little application I used the `useState` hook for component's state


## Network State 

React Query is simply the best tool for handling of network state ( loading, error, fetching , etc) and fetching apis. Has a lot of convenient features out the box like
- Background fetch
- Auto retry
- Optimistic update
- Pagination
- Infinite query
- Api Invalidation 

<a href="https://react-query.tanstack.com/">Learn more</a>




## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br /> Open
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br /> You will also see any lint errors
in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br /> See the section
about
[running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests)
for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br /> It correctly bundles
React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br /> Your app is
ready to be deployed!

See the section about
[deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for
more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can
`eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from
your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive
dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have
full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but
they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point
you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for
small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this
feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t
customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the
[Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
